README.md, before:

# Norme.nvim

A Neovim Linter for the École 42 Norme.

Requirements
---

- NeoVim `v0.5+`.
- [plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim)
- Executable `norminette` in your PATH ([version 3.3.2](https://github.com/42School/norminette) or higher).

Installation
---

Use the package manager of your choice.

`Packer.nvim`:

```lua
use { 'vinicius507/norme.nvim' }
```

`vim-plug`:

```vim
Plug 'vinicius507/norme.nvim'
```

Setup
---

You can setup everything via `require('null-ls').config` and
`require('lspconfig')['null-ls'].setup`.

```lua
local norme = require('norme')
local null_ls = require('null-ls')
local lspconfig = require('lspconfig')

null_ls.config()
lspconfig['null-ls'].setup({})
norme.setup()
```

Warnings
---

For now Norme.nvim will **only** run if the 42 École header is in the file.
Future implementations will have an option to ignore files in `.gitignore`.

Author
---

Vinícius Gonçalves de Oliveira(vgoncalv)

Cadet at 42 São Paulo

Commit message:

Fix: error on generator output (#18)
* testing vim.tbl_extend

* testing configuration table

* feat: now you can configure norminette cmd

* fix: now command is set before testing norminette version

* testing configuration table

* testing cmd

* fix: now path is set right

* attempt fix to #17

* 2nd attempt fix at #17

* null-ls generator was wrong, testing with suppress_errors

* the change wasn't added to last commit

* suppress_errors was the wrong approach

* attempt fix with from_stderr

* fix: error on generator output

Closes #17

README.md, after:

# Norme.nvim

A Neovim Linter for the École 42 Norme.

Requirements
---

- NeoVim `v0.5+`.
- [plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim)
- Executable `norminette` in your PATH ([version 3.3.2](https://github.com/42School/norminette) or higher).

Installation
---

Use the package manager of your choice.

`Packer.nvim`:

```lua
use { 'vinicius507/norme.nvim' }
```

`vim-plug`:

```vim
Plug 'vinicius507/norme.nvim'
```

Setup
---

You can setup everything via `require('null-ls').config` and
`require('lspconfig')['null-ls'].setup`.

```lua
local norme = require('norme')
local null_ls = require('null-ls')
local lspconfig = require('lspconfig')

null_ls.config()
lspconfig['null-ls'].setup({})
norme.setup()
```

Configuration
---

Right now you can configure norminette command in the case it is not on your `PATH`.

```lua
norme.setup({
	cmd = os.getenv('HOME') .. '/.local/bin/norminette'
})
```

It comes with the following defaults:

```lua
{
	cmd = 'norminette',
}
```

Warnings
---

For now Norme.nvim will **only** run if the 42 École header is in the file.
Future implementations will have an option to ignore files in `.gitignore`.

Author
---

Vinícius Gonçalves de Oliveira(vgoncalv)

Cadet at 42 São Paulo
